telcité therefore also buy a
trick it's magic frieze low you have to
know I do not think people
know so it's a goblet for
to make granites so here I have you
waited against bana ba send some
balls and ja if you prefer I like
filming like that is so what's the point
this year
without handling the trek on demand is so
big candy do time attack what then
already
it was a special plastic glue all
alone in fact I think it takes
take it off the light and the straw and the
instructions then ok
in fact and elbow bags at mali on
can fill them
here are some bags of bones saying that he
seemed well- guarded
I show you a little bit long
than elsewhere but loses slip
water
am in fact it's good
often
this man is a problem for me it's
very simple
it's our thing his driving spa I
still keep a box in case
then that fact I showed in so there
a judo cross here
no can see it and it's weird very
glad I have elsewhere for that matter m
guillaume good here we are in the field
known
yes but that task was not like
it
at
so yes
is what I'm doing ok I actually
embedded a phase clearly had that
goes better but if that and then lhasa
with the other in practice his ease in
here is after I tell you that a point I
I was wrong to leave you there was
a drink have done like that is to
expect everyone except a good granite lo
good in this video that I have not had
great thing to tell you handle a video
on the on the test and preparation
here is the spoon and straw
so the subway when I have with you because
that he does or italy I put that
my time to emit January 3 in me
even I may have webo that I can
make this video
yeah so not in this video I have not
do you and not started to issue at
but here I have this video you
has been so